hello everyone this is mr bring junkie
here and today we'll be talking about a
film called the train to busan 2
peninsula be ready for some spoilers
ahead
during the aftermath of a virus outbreak
south korea is infested with zombies
our main character the soldier boy is
driving his nephew
sister and brother-in-law to a ship
where they can hopefully escape
this disaster they run into a couple
with a daughter
stranded on the road who wanted them to
help
but due to fear of infection the soldier
boy ignored their pleas
although with great emotional turmoil
the family finally arrives at the boat
which is heading towards japan where the
infection have not spread to
however in the middle of the trip they
were forced
to redirect to hong kong what's even
worse
there were infected people on this boat
which caused many deaths
including his sister and nephew
four years later the soldier boy and his
brother-in-law
are struggling to live in hong kong due
to their illegal status
they were offered a job by the local
gangster to make 2.5 million dollars
each
if they retrieve 20 million dollars in a
truck
that was left in south korea in their
team
includes two other people and they were
given satellite phones and weapons for
their mission
although the soldier boy was unwilling
at first
his brother-in-law convinces him as this
was their only chance
to escape their current financial
predicament
the group arrives at the island and
successfully finds the truck
after only a little bit of searching
they drive
off in the money truck and begins to
plan on what to do
now that they're rich personally i think
it's a bad omen to celebrate so
soon before they can finish daydreaming
about their riches
numerous flares were shot at their
direction
which drew herds of zombies towards them
they floored the gas pedal
but ultimately were unable to escape
they crashed the money truck and the
soldier boy flew out through the
windshield
the driver died immediately by the crash
and the other two
hid inside the vehicle the soldier boy
tries to fight off the herd
but there were clearly too many zombies
he is saved however
when a black truck driven by a young
girl came to his rescue
seriously though the way she drives
someone should hire her for the next
fast and furious movie
in the meantime the man hiding in the
money truck comes out
after the zombies were chased off by a
group of people
however they killed him sadistically and
took the truck
with the brother-in-law hiding in the
back it turns out that these people
used to be a part of the military but
has went crazy
during the outbreak they eventually
discovers the brother-in-law
and forces him to participate in a
survival game for their entertainment
while everyone in the camp is
celebrating a [ __ ] discovered the bag
of money in the truck
and the satellite phone he brings this
to the captain
who is in charge of the operation they
use the phone to contact the gangsters
in hong kong
and arranges a deal to escape this
island
however they want to keep this away from
their men
as they are not in good terms with the
sergeant
meanwhile our main character arrives
safely with the girls to their hideout
and he realizes that they belong to the
mother who he refused to help
4 years ago he learned from the family
about the people who took the truck
and he tells them about the money and
satellite phone
they realized that the only chance to
escape this island
is to retrieve the money truck from the
thugs
the grandpa objects to this plan as he
claims to have made
contact with the un who will arrive to
save them very soon
however no one believes him as he seemed
to be missing a little more than just a
few screws
at night the mother and the soldier boy
sneaks into the military base
and finds the money truck they were
interrupted by the [ __ ]
and finds out that the brother-in-law is
still alive
our main character rushes into the
building to save his brother
while the mother warns the [ __ ] to
not make a sound
however they were soon discovered by the
captain
and the mother was forced to drive off
with the truck
the soldier boy makes it in time to
rescue his brother from the death pit
the two attempts to escape but is
bombarded by gunshots from the thugs
in an attempt to save the main character
the brothers sacrificed himself
and was killed by the sergeant the
soldier boy barely escapes
thanks to the mom who rammed the truck
through the building
they drive towards the port but runs
into a herd of zombies which quickly
surrounds the truck
luckily the daughter shows up and lured
the zombies away
with her lights making way for their
escape
nonetheless the thugs quickly catches up
and uses flares to attract more
zombies towards them the daughter uses
her crazy drifting skills to shake off
the chasers
and uses lights to signal the zombies to
attack
the soldier boy shoots out the glass
from a building which released
countless zombies in front of the
sergeant killing them in the process
they make it to the port but the captain
ambushes them by crashing into them with
a large truck
he takes the daughter hostage and forced
the family to throw away their weapons
to save the daughter the grandpa jumps
in and sacrificed himself
while the captain makes off with the
truck he drives into the ship
but the gangsters betray him since they
never intended to pay out
before his death he backs up the truck
to jam up the entrance
so the zombies can rush in and kill
everyone
the family is hopeless as they realize
their only way
off the island is destroyed however they
soon see a helicopter from the un
arrived just like the grandpa said
before
the mother tells the soldier boy to
protect her daughters
and head towards the helicopter while
she lures the zombies away
she runs into a truck and pushes the
horn to attract all the zombies towards
her
the daughter makes it to the un soldiers
but they must leave the mother behind
however she forces them to stay at
gunpoint
the soldier boy decides to go back for
the mother undoing his mistake from four
years ago
he manages to hold off the zombies long
enough for the mother to escape
and they all safely board the helicopter
the group flies off from the island
while the sun rises
from the distance so what do you guys
think about this movie
please let me know in the comments below
and if you like my videos please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time